feat: 0.73.0 migration docs (#782)
vegaprotocol/documentation: docs/node-operators/migration-guides/upgrade-node.md

```

#### `SQLStore.VerboseMigration`

- `config file`: data-node
- `description`: Enable verbose logging of SQL migrations. Logs shows only once when Vega executes the migration. We recommend enabling it in case of any issues.
- `kind`: new parameter

```toml title="YOUR_VEGA_HOME/config/data-node/config.toml"
[SQLStore]
  VerboseMigration = true
```

#### `NetworkHistory.Initialise.TimeOut`

- `config file`: data-node
- `description`: We recommend you update it to `96 hours` due to changes in the data node initialization mechanism. It now downloads and loads all the segments into the database by default. This process may take a day or more.
- `kind`: parameter change

```toml
[NetworkHistory]
  [NetworkHistory.Initialise]
    TimeOut = "96h0m0s"
```

#### `NetworkHistory.Initialise.MinimumBlockCount`

- `config file`: data-node
- `description`: The network history initialization process has been improved. Now the process is automated. The datanode should download all the history segments and put it into the database by default now.
- `kind`: parameter change

```toml
[NetworkHistory]
  [NetworkHistory.Initialise]
    MinimumBlockCount = -1
```

> 

Reviewer: We have also updated the default value in vegavisor `config.toml`: `maxNumberOfFirstConnectionRetries`

Author: updated

#### `EvtForward.EthCall`

- `config file`: vega-core
- `description`: The parameter allows you to define basic configurations like the call period to ethereum node.
- `kind`: new parameter

```toml title="YOUR_VEGA_HOME/config/node/config.toml"
[EvtForward]
  [EvtForward.EthCall]
    Level = "Info"
    PollEvery = "20s"
```

#### `Vesting`

- `config file`: vega-core
- `description`: Manipulate the vesting engine configuration
- `kind`: new parameter

```toml title="YOUR_VEGA_HOME/config/node/config.toml"
[Vesting]
  Level = "Info"
```

#### `Broker.Socket.DialTimeout`

- `config file`: vega-core
- `description`: The below change(`Broker.Socket.DialTimeout`) is fundamental when you run the data node, but it also needs to be updated for a validator node. We recommend you update it to `96 hours` due to changes in the data node initialization mechanism. It now downloads and loads all the segments into the database by default. This process may take a day or more.
- `kind`: parameter change

```toml title="YOUR_VEGA_HOME/config/node/config.toml"
[Broker]
  [Broker.Socket]
    DialTimeout = "96h0m0s"
```

#### `Snapshot.StartHeight`

- `config file`: vega-core

> - `description`: There is a change in the snapshot mechanism. The default value for the `Snapshot.StartHeight` parameter changed from `-1` to `0`. However, we **DO NOT** recommend changing this parameter now for existing nodes! Leave the `-1`, because your node can be destroyed when you start your node with the wrong binary when you have `Snapshot.StartHeight = 0`. For the new logic to load a snapshot, see the below pseudocode block.

Reviewer 2: I think we can provide a bit more explanation and be a little be less dramatic, because it sounds a bit like we did not think this through:

```suggestion
- `description`: The behavior of the parameter `Snapshot.StartHeight` changed, and its default value has been updated from `-1` to `0`. **However, we DO NOT recommend changing this parameter before successfully migrating to version 0.73.0!**. Prior 0.73, setting this parameter to `0` triggers the removal of the existing snapshots. If you start with the wrong binary or end up with a rollback, your node will use the old behavior and remove existing snapshots. For the new logic to load a snapshot, see the below pseudocode block.
```

- `kind`: parameter change

```toml title="YOUR_VEGA_HOME/config/node/config.toml"
[Snapshot]
  StartHeight = -1
```

```go title="Load snapshot pseudocode"

> if localSnapshots { // so ignoring state-sync

Reviewer 2: Just to make sure validators understand to which extent we ignore.
```suggestion
if localSnapshots { // so ignoring state-sync even if it's enabled
```
